---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "iosxr_policy_map_qos Data Source - terraform-provider-iosxr"
subcategory: "QoS"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Policy Map QoS configuration.
---

# iosxr_policy_map_qos (Data Source)

This data source can read the Policy Map QoS configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "iosxr_policy_map_qos" "example" {
  policy_map_name = "PM-QOS"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `policy_map_name` (String) Name of the policymap

### Optional

- `device` (String) A device name from the provider configuration.

### Read-Only

- `classes` (Attributes List) QoS policy-map (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--classes))
- `description` (String) Set description for this policy-map
- `id` (String) The path of the retrieved object.

<a id="nestedatt--classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `classes`

Read-Only:

- `bandwidth_remaining_unit` (String) Bandwidth value unit
- `bandwidth_remaining_value` (String) Bandwidth value
- `bandwidth_unit` (String) Unit of bandwidth for this class
- `bandwidth_value` (String) Value of bandwidth for this class
- `name` (String) Name of the class-map
- `police_burst_unit` (String) Burst size unit
- `police_burst_value` (Number) Burst size (BC)
- `police_conform_action_drop` (Boolean) Drop packet
- `police_conform_action_set_cos` (Number) Sets the specific IEEE 802.1Q Layer 2 CoS value of an outgoing packet. This command should be used by a router if a user wants to mark a packet that is being sent to a switch. Switches can leverage Layer 2 header information, including a CoS value marking. Packets entering an interface cannot be set with a CoS value.
- `police_conform_action_set_discard_class` (Number) Sets the discard class on IPv4 or MPLS packets. The discard-class can be used only in service policies that are attached in the ingress policy.
- `police_conform_action_set_dscp` (String) Set IP DSCP (DiffServ CodePoint)
- `police_conform_action_set_mpls_experimental_imposition` (Number) Sets the experimental value of the MPLS packet imposition labels. Imposition can be used only in service policies that are attached in the ingress policy
- `police_conform_action_set_mpls_experimental_topmost` (Number) Sets the experimental value of the MPLS packet top-most labels.
- `police_conform_action_set_precedence` (String) Set IP Precedence
- `police_conform_action_set_qos_group` (Number) Sets the QoS group identifiers on IPv4 or MPLS packets. The set qos-group is supported only on an ingress policy.
- `police_conform_action_transmit` (Boolean) Transmit packet
- `police_exceed_action_drop` (Boolean) Drop packet
- `police_exceed_action_set_cos` (Number) Sets the specific IEEE 802.1Q Layer 2 CoS value of an outgoing packet. This command should be used by a router if a user wants to mark a packet that is being sent to a switch. Switches can leverage Layer 2 header information, including a CoS value marking. Packets entering an interface cannot be set with a CoS value.
- `police_exceed_action_set_discard_class` (Number) Sets the discard class on IPv4 or MPLS packets. The discard-class can be used only in service policies that are attached in the ingress policy.
- `police_exceed_action_set_dscp` (String) Set IP DSCP (DiffServ CodePoint)
- `police_exceed_action_set_mpls_experimental_imposition` (Number) Sets the experimental value of the MPLS packet imposition labels. Imposition can be used only in service policies that are attached in the ingress policy
- `police_exceed_action_set_mpls_experimental_topmost` (Number) Sets the experimental value of the MPLS packet top-most labels.
- `police_exceed_action_set_precedence` (String) Set IP Precedence
- `police_exceed_action_set_qos_group` (Number) Sets the QoS group identifiers on IPv4 or MPLS packets. The set qos-group is supported only on an ingress policy.
- `police_exceed_action_transmit` (Boolean) Transmit packet
- `police_peak_burst_unit` (String) Burst size unit
- `police_peak_burst_value` (Number) Exess burst size (BC)
- `police_peak_rate_unit` (String) Unit of Peak Information Rate
- `police_peak_rate_value` (String) Peak Information Rate
- `police_rate_unit` (String) Rate unit
- `police_rate_value` (String) Committed Information Rate
- `police_violate_action_drop` (Boolean) Drop packet
- `police_violate_action_set_cos` (Number) Sets the specific IEEE 802.1Q Layer 2 CoS value of an outgoing packet. This command should be used by a router if a user wants to mark a packet that is being sent to a switch. Switches can leverage Layer 2 header information, including a CoS value marking. Packets entering an interface cannot be set with a CoS value.
- `police_violate_action_set_discard_class` (Number) Sets the discard class on IPv4 or MPLS packets. The discard-class can be used only in service policies that are attached in the ingress policy.
- `police_violate_action_set_dscp` (String) Set IP DSCP (DiffServ CodePoint)
- `police_violate_action_set_mpls_experimental_imposition` (Number) Sets the experimental value of the MPLS packet imposition labels. Imposition can be used only in service policies that are attached in the ingress policy
- `police_violate_action_set_mpls_experimental_topmost` (Number) Sets the experimental value of the MPLS packet top-most labels.
- `police_violate_action_set_precedence` (String) Set IP Precedence
- `police_violate_action_set_qos_group` (Number) Sets the QoS group identifiers on IPv4 or MPLS packets. The set qos-group is supported only on an ingress policy.
- `police_violate_action_transmit` (Boolean) Transmit packet
- `priority_level` (Number) Configure a priority level
- `queue_limits` (Attributes List) Configure queue-limit (taildrop threshold) for this class (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--classes--queue_limits))
- `random_detect` (Attributes List) Enable Random Early Detection. All RED profiles in a class must be based on the same field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--classes--random_detect))
- `random_detect_default` (Boolean) Enable RED with default min and max thresholds
- `service_policy_name` (String) Name of the child service policy
- `set_cos` (Number) Sets the specific IEEE 802.1Q Layer 2 CoS value of an outgoing packet. This command should be used by a router if a user wants to mark a packet that is being sent to a switch. Switches can leverage Layer 2 header information, including a CoS value marking. Packets entering an interface cannot be set with a CoS value.
- `set_discard_class` (Number) Sets the discard class on IPv4 or MPLS packets. The discard-class can be used only in service policies that are attached in the ingress policy.
- `set_dscp` (String) Set IP DSCP (DiffServ CodePoint)
- `set_mpls_experimental_imposition` (Number) Sets the experimental value of the MPLS packet imposition labels. Imposition can be used only in service policies that are attached in the ingress policy
- `set_mpls_experimental_topmost` (Number) Sets the experimental value of the MPLS packet top-most labels.
- `set_precedence` (String) Set IP Precedence
- `set_qos_group` (Number) Sets the QoS group identifiers on IPv4 or MPLS packets. The set qos-group is supported only on an ingress policy.
- `set_traffic_class` (Number) Sets the Traffic Class identifiers on IPv4 or MPLS packets. The set traffic-class is supported only on an ingress policy.
- `shape_average_excess_burst_size` (Number) Excess burst size
- `shape_average_excess_burst_unit` (String) Unit of Excess burst size
- `shape_average_rate_unit` (String) Shape rate unit
- `shape_average_rate_value` (String) Value of Shape rate
- `type` (String) The type of class-map

<a id="nestedatt--classes--queue_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `classes.queue_limits`

Read-Only:

- `unit` (String) queue-limit unit
- `value` (String) queue-limit value


<a id="nestedatt--classes--random_detect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `classes.random_detect`

Read-Only:

- `maximum_threshold_unit` (String) threshold unit
- `maximum_threshold_value` (Number) Maximum threshold
- `minimum_threshold_unit` (String) threshold unit
- `minimum_threshold_value` (Number) Minimum threshold
